Server container documentation (#2190)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/installation-and-upgrade/pages/server-container-setup.adoc

+
----
MANAGER_USER
MANAGER_PASS
MANAGER_ADMIN_EMAIL
CERT_O
CERT_OU
CERT_CITY
CERT_STATE
CERT_COUNTRY
CERT_EMAIL
CERT_PASS
USE_EXISTING_CERTS
MANAGER_DB_NAME
MANAGER_DB_HOST
MANAGER_DB_PORT
MANAGER_DB_PROTOCOL
MANAGER_ENABLE_TFTP
SCC_USER
SCC_PASS
REPORT_DB_HOST
REPORT_DB_PASS
UYUNI_FQDN
----

. In the host system
+
----
systemctl start uyuni-server.service 
----

[IMPORTANT]
====
{productname} Server setup takes time.
You can see the logs with [command]``journalctl -xeu uyuni-server.service``.
You can also use `podman logs` using the same name.
====

[[migrate-server-uyuni]]
== Migrate {productname} server to container

Migrate a {productname} server installation means transfer all the functionality from a source server to a destination server that will host a productname} server container. 

Prerequisites are:

* ``UYUNI_FQDN`` in ``/etc/sysconfig/uyuni-server-systemd-services`` should be the same of the source address.
* The destination server user should be able to `rsync` the source server without password. 
* The destination server should provide a ssh-agent and the `SSH_AUTH_SOCK` should be set for the desired user.

> .Procedure: Enable passwordless `rsync` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Procedure: Enabling passwordless `rsync` 
```

[role=procedure]

. In the destination server, add to [path]``~/.ssh/config`` :
+
```
Host host
    Hostname $SOURCE_HOSTNAME
    StrictHostKeyChecking no
    UserKnownHostsFile /dev/null
    Port 22
    User $SOURCE_USER
    IdentitiesOnly yes
```
If you already have a key, run:
+

```
ssh-copy-id host
```
If not, run `ssh-keygen` to generate it.
If the source server user is not root, it should be able to run [command]``rsync``.
It can be done by adding to [path]``/etc/sudoers``:
+
```
add to sudoers file
$SOURCE_USER ALL=(ALL) NOPASSWD:/usr/bin/rsync
```

> .Procedure: Provide an ssh agent and add key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Procedure: Providing ssh agent and adding key
```

> [[server-setup-containers]]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[[server-container-setup]]
```

= Containerized {productname} Server Setup

> Once container host for {productname} Server containers is prepared, setup of containers require few additional steps to finish configuration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When the container host for {productname} Server container is prepared, setup of the container requires a few additional steps to finish the configuration.
```

[[proc-server-containers-setup]]
== Set {productname} Server parameters

. In the host system, ``/etc/sysconfig/uyuni-server-systemd-services`` set 
+
----
HOST_FQDN
ID_RSA
ID_RSA_PUB
MANAGER_USER
MANAGER_PASS
MANAGER_ADMIN_EMAIL
CERT_O
CERT_OU
CERT_CITY
CERT_STATE
CERT_COUNTRY
CERT_EMAIL
CERT_PASS
USE_EXISTING_CERTS
MANAGER_DB_NAME
MANAGER_DB_HOST
MANAGER_DB_PORT
MANAGER_DB_PROTOCOL
MANAGER_ENABLE_TFTP
SCC_USER
SCC_PASS
REPORT_DB_HOST
REPORT_DB_PASS
UYUNI_FQDN
----

. In the host system
+
----
systemctl start uyuni-server.service 
----

[IMPORTANT]
====

> {productname} Server setup take times. You can get logs from the ```journalctl -xeu uyuni-server.service``` services using ```journalctl```.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{productname} Server setup takes time. You can see the logs with [command]``journalctl -xeu uyuni-server.service``.
```

You can also use `podman logs` using the same name.
====

[[migrate-server-uyuni]]
== Migrate {productname} server to container

> Migrate a {productname} server installation requires some additional steps:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Migrate a {productname} server installation requires additional steps:
```

. In the host system, all the parameters in file  ``/etc/sysconfig/uyuni-server-systemd-services`` needs to be set. In particular, just for the migration:
+
----
MIGRATION=1
----

. Additional steps before starting service are required:
+
----
spacewalk-service stop
systemctl stop  postgresql.service
ssh-keygen -t rsa
cat ~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub >> ~/.ssh/authorized_keys
----

[[server-setup-uyuni-tools]]
== Install [package]``uyuni-tools``

[IMPORTANT]
====
Host system should have `go` and `git` installed
====

. Clone `uyuni-tools` git repo
+
----
git clone --depth 1 https://github.com/PROJECT/uyuni-tools /root/uyuni-tools
----
. Compile and install it
+
----
cd ~/uyuni-tools && go build -o ./bin ./... && ln -s /root/uyuni-tools/bin/uyunictl /usr/bin/uyunictl
----

> More information about [package]``uyuni-tools`` and its usage at xref:reference:cli-container.adoc[CLI Container Tools].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information about [package]``uyuni-tools`` and its usage, see xref:reference:cli-container.adoc[].
```
